This is an implementation of the impressive new solution to the Rectangular Peg Problem.
The implementation itself is not very impressive.
See here for the original paper: #https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.09193.pdf

Simple use steps:
1) Run CurveDrawer.py
2) Hold down the left mouse button and slowly draw a smooth Jordan curve (basically a loop)
3) Release the left mouse button
4) Run ProofImplementationOptimized.py
5) Wait
6) Rejoice


FAQ:
"How do I change the rectangle proportions?"
  The proportions are specified by the angle of the diagonal. This variable is 'phi' in ProofImplementation and ProofImplementationOptimized.py
  
"How do I use a custom curve?"
  You can draw a curve using the CurveDrawer.py file. This will be saved as "customshape.txt" and used by default.
  To use a curve sampled from a function, delete customshape.txt and change the definition of the data set in the curve_data function
  
"The solution rectangle is tiny"
  You'll probably see one red dot at the origin and one red dot on the curve. This is a failure of the program to detect lambdaX{0} because the curve samples are too widely spaced. For curves generated by functions, you can possibly fix this by making 'curve_interval' smaller, or, if that's not convenient, making 'atol' bigger (Caution: this causes problems. See next question). For curves generated by CurveDrawer, make the 'res' variable smaller and play with atol..

"The solution rectangle is inaccurate"
  If you're not dealing with the previous case, this is probably because atol is too large, thus excluding the correct solution. It's recommended you turn down 'atol' and then incrementally turn down 'curve_interval' or 'res' (depending on whether you're using a custom curve or function) until you get a better answer

TO DO:

Fix the language in the intersection function to be general. It's still specific to when I was calculating stuff for M and M_phi directly.

Implement more shortcuts out of the paper (are there any? look at the supplemental proofs)
Create a more rigorous tuning process for parameters